Image Processing: 
it is method to convert an image into digital form and perform some operation on it.
Here we use numpy array to do so

KERAS: it is a easy to use python library for developing and evaluating deep learning model

ML vs DL : DL can analys IMAGE,VIDEO and unstructured data but ML can not easily do.
           ML is about computers being able to think and act with less human intervention
           DL is about computers learning to think using structure modeled on the human brain


NumPy: is a array-processing package that deals with multidimensional array/ matrix                   
       in very less time, as it provides high performance objects and tools to do so.
       since python is bit slow , therefore it takes time to process multi dimensnl array
       here Numpy helps to do this in much more faster way.

OpenCV:  is a huge open-source library for computer vision, machine learning, and image processing
         It can PROCESS IMAGES AND VIDEOS TO IDENTIFY OBJECTS, faces, or even the handwriting of a human
         cv2.imread() method loads an image from the specified file
         returns matrix of image  if present else return empty matrix that shows us ERROR

ADAM Optimizer : Adam is an optimization algorithm that is used to update network weights (iterative) based
                 in training data

SkiImage: it is used to deal with image dimensions related operation 
          like Crop, Resize [  It includes algorithms for segmentation, geometric transformations,
          filtering,feature detection, and more.]

Tensorflow : TensorFlow provides a collection of workflows to develop and train models using Python
             for fast numerical computing.
             It allows to create large-scale neural networks with many layers.
             Here we used it for PREDICTION 

MatPlotLib  : it is used to plot figures
              Matplotlib supports various types of graphical representations like Bar Graphs,
              Histograms, Line Graph etc.

Pickle : Python pickle module is used for serializing and de-serializing a Python object structure. Any object in
        Python can be pickled so that it can be saved on disk. What pickle does is that it “serializes” the object
        first before writing it to file.

        SERIALIZATION is the process of converting an object into a stream of bytes to store the object or transmit it to memory
